how long has it been since
he lost his name his ruinous mind no longer
they remember it vaguely is capable of
remembering standard armor and
comrades with somber faces
riding by his side he also remembers
a hard battle pain and fear when
pale hands pulled him from his
mount
remember the terror of when it was
thrown into the abyss of the dead god together
to his brothers to listen to the singing
funeral and be consumed by nothing in
the dark depths lost the
notion of time your thoughts them
they abandoned sanity left them
they attacked each other with their nails
shattered and their teeth shattered
then an instant came at the beginning
a fragile note barely perceptible
followed by another and other impossible
ignore
the choir grew until it became a
pure living of sounds that echoed
in your mind until no other
thought could survive while the
funeral dirge consumed him he opened his
arms to the dead god and I accept his
publication although its destruction was not
what he had planned for him
dead god asked for war in the womb
from the great nothing a new purpose will
was assigned to spread the funeral dirge
throughout the earth and make the
dead will rise against the living
was predestined to become a
dying herald of the dead god for
rise and fall and rise again when
your body will fail him to walk
painfully through eternal death
so that the funeral song never ceases and
that's how he was born and
and